So do you remember the slope of the line formula?
Let me help you out here.
So we have slope is equal to.
Do you remember this?
Rise over, run.
Maybe your teachers taught you that maybe not so safe, we're actually just looking at this first segment,
we're going from here to over here.
Let's call this point one and point two.
So we have the rise, which is the why.
It's Whitehill minus Y one.
Divide by X two, minus X one, maybe that sounds familiar to you.
You know what it said?
These are ones and twos over here.
Instead of that, I'm actually just going to change it up a little bit.
I'm going to use an eye for initial or starting place and F for the final position.
So we have the initial position and the final position.
So I'm just going to change this up a little bit, say that this is equal to Y F minus Y, I divided
by X, X minus X.
I notice it's basically the same thing, but instead of using ones and twos where I'm using eyes and
FS, so y f well the final position is over here.
The Y value is 60 minus.
Why.
OK, so the initial height of this position is zero.
Divided by.
XPath, well, the X F is AR 15 minus X I is zero.
So we have 60 divide by 15 and, you know, I didn't include in the units, so I'm actually just going
to do that right now.
So we have meters and minutes.
So we have 60 meters and 15 minutes to do the division over here.
If you did this in the calculator or hopefully in your head, you'll see that it's four meters over
minutes and meters over minutes that actually tells us a velocity.
This the slope over here of a position versus time graph gives us the velocity.